---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-25T18:36:15.475Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-25T18:36:11.887Z'
title: OUR BOARD
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-25-our-board.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: our-board/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
**__**

**YUVAL BAR-ZEMER** is a long time developer and property owner in
the Art District.His company Linear City is responsible for many of the major
development projects in the Arts District including the Biscuit Co. Lofts, Toy
Lofts, and 7th & Bridge.He has also fostered numerous world class
businesses and restaurants including Church & State, Bestia, Pour Haus and
Daily Dose just to name a few.

Yuval is a community activist advocating and lobbying for
neighborhood improvements and beatification with a strong emphasis on public
parks and transportation.  Yuval's service activities include:

Board member at the Friends of the Los Angeles River (FOLAR),

Advisory Board member of HUB LA headquartered in the Arts
District

Member of the 6th Street Viaduct Design Advisory and Aesthetic
committee (DAAC)

Vice President & Board member of LARABA

Board Member of the Historic Cultural Neighborhood Council

He is also an accomplished musician and urban gardener.

**DR. RAN BOYTNER** received his PhD in archaeology from UCLA in
2008\.

Working at the Getty, UCLA and
USC, he is presently the Director of the Institute for Field Research
(IFR).

Dr. Boytner's research interests
includes South America, the evolution of nascent states and the relationships
between archaeology and politics. He is a founding board member of Ocean
Charter School and the Nonprofit Support Group -- an organization of nonprofit
Executive Directors that pool resources together to increase efficiency in
individual organization's mission and vision. 

Dr. Boytner has owned property in the Arts District and since
2010, the IFR is headquartered at the Toy Factory Lofts.

He is currently serving his 4th term as the
President of ADCCLA.

**DAVID CERWONKA** and his wife and two dogs moved to the Arts
District in 2006\. He was immediately drawn to the district's unique mixture of
people, art, culture and local business. As a lifelong musician he's come to
appreciate and understand the importance and need for creativity and encourages
others to follow their passion. As a business owner since moving to the
district he's come to observe the diversity, growth and changes in real time.
His company, Walk Fido uniquely places him to feel the pulse of the Arts
District and the entire downtown area. His goal is to continue the tradition of
outside the box thinking that has kept the district unique and unlike any other
part of Los Angeles.

**GABRIELLE NEWMARK** is a landscape architect and resident of the
Arts District.

She is the founder of Los
Angeles-based Swamp Pink Landscape Architecture and co-founded Industrial
District Green (IDG), a project under the fiscal agent Community Partners.

IDG's mission is:

"to improve the livability of the DTLA Industrial District
through the implementation and maintenance of community-based greening and open
space projects while engaging under-served members of the community via
education and outreach programs."

Throughout her career she has focused primarily on community
greening and water-wise projects that improve the lives of Angelenos and the
health of the environment. IDG currently cares for over 120 local trees, having
planted the majority of those and adopting the others. Shes is currently
working with the City to develop greening projects in the Arts District that
focus on stormwater management, biodiversity and usable open space for the
community.

Board Member of LARABA

2016 Chair, LARABA Land Use Committee 

Board member of the HCNC

Founding Board Member & Executive Director Industrial
District Green

**HARLEY CROSS** is a resident and property owner in the Arts
District for over 10 years. He owns and operates multiple businesses in the
neighborhood including Hint Mint, Inc., a designer candy manufacturing company
and Interconnected Media; a creative agency / film production company.

Harley is also well established in the nonprofit world and is
the Co-founder and Board Member of the Arts District based the Imagination
Foundation.

**MICHELLE GERTZMAN** is a community activist and real estate agent
with over 15 years' experience.

A native
of Chicago, Michelle brings a unique perspective on neighborhoods to the Arts
District.

She currently serves as the
Secretary for ADCCLA

**TIMOTHY KREHBIEL**, a graduate of SciArc, is a 15+ year resident
and business owner in the Arts District.

Tim and his wife Bridget have recently created a new event space called
Resident which features new and existing music talent in a boutique setting and
gives a garden respite to the locals to enjoy a drink with friends after
work.

Timothy also has a passion for vintage cars and is master of
restoration.

**GEORGE ROLLINS** is a long standing resident, property owner and
community organizer in the Arts District.

He developed the very first artist-in-residence building on Traction
Avenue in 1978\.

George is also an accomplished Artist, designer and musician and
received a BFA from Cornell University.

He served on Los Angeles Police Department Citizen Advisory
Board 1994- 2002

He currently serves on the Historic Cultural Neighborhood
Council 

**PAUL SOLOMON** has lived and worked in the Arts District since
1999\.

Paul co-founded Linear City LLC
that year and managed it until 2009\. He was instrumental in the development of
the 808-820 East Third Street Lofts, 811 Traction Avenue Lofts, Toy Factory
Lofts, Biscuit Company Lofts, and the 1820 Industrial Arts Complex.

Since leaving Linear City in 2009, Paul had a
son named Charlie, and founded Seventh Diamond, LLC, also in Los Angeles, in
order to redevelop the former headquarters of the California Walnut Growers
Association into live/work lofts. He is a former board member of the Community
Redevelopment Agency Central Industrial Community Advisory Committee and the LA
River Artists and Business Association.

Paul holds a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy from Duke
University, as well as a Juris Doctor and a Master of Business Administration
from the University of Chicago. After school, he worked (briefly) as a real
attorney at Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker. He is a father of one cute
toddler, and enjoys golf (which he once played competitively), architecture,
transcendental meditation, and cooking.

**TODD TERRAZAS** is a social entrepreneur born and raised in Los
Angeles. His technology company, Brainitch provides premium guest and safety
services to the live entertainment industry. Todd graduated from the School of
Cinematic Arts at the University of Southern California. He is passionate about
combining innovative technologies with narratives in order to make an impact on
the individual and empower humanity to say something if they see something.
Todd is a community activist advocating for better emergency response systems
and disaster preparedness. 

Board member of LARABA 

Member of the LARABA Land Use Committee,

Member of the LARAB Dog Park Committee

Member of the LARABA Emergency Preparedness Committees. 

He is also a passionate writer, photographer, cyclist, and
climber.

**LAURA VELKEI **is a Senior Financial Manager serving high profile
clients in the entertainment Industry. She is also an avid community activist with
over 30 years of service.

Laura is a veteran of two presidential campaigns as well as
numerous state and local races.

She
served as President Obama's CA State Director of Volunteers in 2008\.

Her expertise includes community organizing,
volunteer recruitment and management, web development, digital technology and
social media, campaign/project messaging and coalition building. Her emphasis
in the Arts District is on increased public engagement, responsible
development, urban landscaping and the introduction of art to public
spaces.

Laura serves ADCCLA as the
Treasurer and Communications Director. Her service also includes:

She currently is serving her 4th year as Treasurer and
Communications for ADCCLA

Co-Founder of the LARABA Dog Park Committee

Founder of LAG4O

Founder of Community of Us

3rd Vice President and
Board Member of the Historic Cultural Neighborhood Council